And finally we are goint to make our Recipe Khaman dhokla.
    Firstly we can take a vessel and put 1 cup of semolina(suji,rava) and add suficcient water in it like the batter of idli and then add salt in it and stir well.  Then add half lemon and 1 spoon oil and stir again.And at last add ENO and Stir again.
        And now take a cake tin or idli maker and  greese it with oil put the batter and if it is cake tin take a kadai and put the cake stand on the kadai and put the cake tin in the kadai. And if you choose to make with idli maker you can do the same process of cake maker but we will just use idli maker and rest to be same.. Just bake it for 10-15 minutes in high flame. After that take a toothpick or knife and check wether it is cooked. And after cooking keep it aside. 
           And now let is get cool in the meanwhile take another vessel put 5 to 6 spoon oil in it and heat   it. After getting heated add mustard seeds and when the mustard seeds get cooked add a pinchof Asafoetida powder  and then take 3-4 chillies and curry leaves cut it in a verticular form and add it in the oil and off the flame. And then take out the cooked batter from cake tin from kadai or from idli maker and garnish the oil (which we made from oil,mustard seeds, Asafoetida powder, curry leaves and chillies) and put it on our khaman(cooked batter). ON the khaman.And if made in idli maker just take out it will be in idli shape put oil in it. And if made in cake tin It will be  like cake. cut it in big pieces.And put oil in each peice. Our sideDish will be Tomato ketchup and coriender chutni. And our khaman Dokla is ready:)  ....
****************************************HOPEFULLY YOU LOVE IT******************************************
            *********************************THANK YOU***********************************